`AppSideNav::Panel` - Fix focus ring cut off issue (HDS-5165) (#3045)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/rich-suits-count.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": patch
---

<!-- START components/app-side-nav-->

> `AppSideNav::Panel - Fixed issue causing focusring of first and last items within the Panel to be cut off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AppSideNav::Panel - Fixed issue causing the focus ring of the first and last items within the Panel to be cut off
```
